[Applause]
what makes us go yeah you know what I'm
um I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a
minute no Rachel you didn't find anyone
so you can't tell him well you know what
that doesn't matter
okay Rachel do you have any idea how
painful it is to tell someone that you
love them and not have them say it back
I don't care okay
like I can't watch what you readin paper
yeah what's it about events from around
the globe okay
uh Ross you know what there's something
that I have to talk to you about and
everybody's been saying that I shouldn't
tell you but I think they're wrong I
mean you know how people can be wrong
sure the ones at work I I thought carbon
dating is fossilized really trying to
tell you something
yeah okay go ahead um okay
yeah I think I'm just gonna just gonna
say it I'm just gonna say it
ah I'm still in love with you
Roz
well Paul um I'm not sure what to do
with that right now
what was that a joke because it's mean
why are you laughing I heard it I mean
you're married you're married and it's
ridiculous and it's like it's like what
he said it I just sort of like I floated
up out of my body you know and and then
and then I heard myself say it and then
the floating rage well I am married even
though I haven't spoken to my wife since
the wedding
sorry that's not funny actually it kind
of is my wife won't return my calls I
don't know where my wife uh okay
you know what do you think do you think
you could just kind of forget that I
told you this well I kind of have to I
mean because the thing is the thing is
but you know that you're married to
Emily
that is what the thing is
oh god I think I'm rough things are
gonna be weird between us right I mean
what's that just the stupidest thing me
telling you that no no I'm glad you did
look if nothing else it's it's always
great when someone tells you they love
you well that's what I said thank you
for being so nice oh thank you for thank
you
[Music]